support build flink-cdc docs locally (#385)
ververica/flink-cdc-connectors: docs/README.md

This README gives an overview of how to build the documentation of Flink CDC.

### Build the site locally

> Make sure you have installed [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) on your
> system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have installed [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/) and started it on you local environment.
```

From the directory of this module (`docs`), use the following command to start the site.

```sh
./docs_site.sh start
```

> Then the site will run and can be viewed at http://0.0.0.0:8001, any update on the `docs` will be shown in the site without restarting. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then the site will run and can be viewed at http://localhost:8001, any update on the `docs` will be shown in the site without restarting. 
```
